### Prototipo de Interfaz
  
#### Partida ganada
```
----- MASTERMIND -----

0 attempt(s): 
****
Propose a combination: rybgmc
Wrong proposed combination length
Propose a combination: rybÃ‘
Wrong colors, they must be: rgybmc
Propose a combination: rybv
Wrong colors, they must be: rgybmc
Propose a combination: rybc

1 attempt(s): 
****
rybc --> 1 blacks and 3 whites
Propose a combination: rbcy

2 attempt(s): 
****
rybc --> 1 blacks and 3 whites
rbcy --> 1 blacks and 3 whites
Propose a combination: rcyb

3 attempt(s): 
****
rybc --> 1 blacks and 3 whites
rbcy --> 1 blacks and 3 whites
rcyb --> 0 blacks and 4 whites
Propose a combination: yrbc

4 attempt(s): 
****
rybc --> 1 blacks and 3 whites
rbcy --> 1 blacks and 3 whites
rcyb --> 0 blacks and 4 whites
yrbc --> 0 blacks and 4 whites
Propose a combination: bcry

5 attempt(s): 
****
rybc --> 1 blacks and 3 whites
rbcy --> 1 blacks and 3 whites
rcyb --> 0 blacks and 4 whites
yrbc --> 0 blacks and 4 whites
bcry --> 1 blacks and 3 whites
Propose a combination: bycr

6 attempt(s): 
****
rybc --> 1 blacks and 3 whites
rbcy --> 1 blacks and 3 whites
rcyb --> 0 blacks and 4 whites
yrbc --> 0 blacks and 4 whites
bcry --> 1 blacks and 3 whites
bycr --> 4 blacks and 0 whites
You've won!!! ;-)
Do you want to continue? (y/n): 
```

#### Partida perdida

```
----- MASTERMIND -----

0 attempt(s): 
****
Propose a combination: rgby

1 attempt(s): 
****
rgby --> 1 blacks and 2 whites
Propose a combination: rgby

2 attempt(s): 
****
rgby --> 1 blacks and 2 whites
rgby --> 1 blacks and 2 whites
Propose a combination: bygr

3 attempt(s): 
****
rgby --> 1 blacks and 2 whites
rgby --> 1 blacks and 2 whites
bygr --> 2 blacks and 1 whites
Propose a combination: rbgy

4 attempt(s): 
****
rgby --> 1 blacks and 2 whites
rgby --> 1 blacks and 2 whites
bygr --> 2 blacks and 1 whites
rbgy --> 2 blacks and 1 whites
Propose a combination: ygbr

5 attempt(s): 
****
rgby --> 1 blacks and 2 whites
rgby --> 1 blacks and 2 whites
bygr --> 2 blacks and 1 whites
rbgy --> 2 blacks and 1 whites
ygbr --> 0 blacks and 3 whites
Propose a combination: grby

6 attempt(s): 
****
rgby --> 1 blacks and 2 whites
rgby --> 1 blacks and 2 whites
bygr --> 2 blacks and 1 whites
rbgy --> 2 blacks and 1 whites
ygbr --> 0 blacks and 3 whites
grby --> 0 blacks and 3 whites
Propose a combination: rgby

7 attempt(s): 
****
rgby --> 1 blacks and 2 whites
rgby --> 1 blacks and 2 whites
bygr --> 2 blacks and 1 whites
rbgy --> 2 blacks and 1 whites
ygbr --> 0 blacks and 3 whites
grby --> 0 blacks and 3 whites
rgby --> 1 blacks and 2 whites
Propose a combination: rgby

8 attempt(s): 
****
rgby --> 1 blacks and 2 whites
rgby --> 1 blacks and 2 whites
bygr --> 2 blacks and 1 whites
rbgy --> 2 blacks and 1 whites
ygbr --> 0 blacks and 3 whites
grby --> 0 blacks and 3 whites
rgby --> 1 blacks and 2 whites
rgby --> 1 blacks and 2 whites
Propose a combination: rgby

9 attempt(s): 
****
rgby --> 1 blacks and 2 whites
rgby --> 1 blacks and 2 whites
bygr --> 2 blacks and 1 whites
rbgy --> 2 blacks and 1 whites
ygbr --> 0 blacks and 3 whites
grby --> 0 blacks and 3 whites
rgby --> 1 blacks and 2 whites
rgby --> 1 blacks and 2 whites
rgby --> 1 blacks and 2 whites
Propose a combination: gbry

10 attempt(s): 
****
rgby --> 1 blacks and 2 whites
rgby --> 1 blacks and 2 whites
bygr --> 2 blacks and 1 whites
rbgy --> 2 blacks and 1 whites
ygbr --> 0 blacks and 3 whites
grby --> 0 blacks and 3 whites
rgby --> 1 blacks and 2 whites
rgby --> 1 blacks and 2 whites
rgby --> 1 blacks and 2 whites
gbry --> 0 blacks and 3 whites
You've lost!!! :-(
Do you want to continue? (y/n): 
```

